The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah, that's what I realized that something was going on.
I didn't know what it was. A lot of it was anger, man. I wonder.
It was, I don't know. Nothing, no specific reason.
I tried. I mean, I tried like, um, I've just done a ton of yoga.
I did.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Isn't that amazing for like relieving anger. Oh,
you're so peaceful after you get out.
Of there. Yoga meditation. I try the ketamine. Um.
Oh, you did the nasal spray. No, I did.
The shoot. 'em up. Oh, did.
You really? You do the IV? Yeah.
You went to a doctor successions. Yeah. With a therapist in the room.
Did you trip.
Balls? Mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> were I thought <laugh>
talk to me. There was a moment. No joke where I thought it was a tonsil.
There was a time where I thought it was a tonsil, a.
Tonsil. Maybe you.
Are you? Yeah, totally. I.
Wouldn't be shock. Maybe we're all cells in a tonsil.
Cause you know how like an Adam, if you think of an Adam,
most of it is like empty space, right?
Yeah. Just like solar system.
Right? Maybe that's like the whole universe is like an atom. Oh, all.
'em be shocked by that. And you really are an atom in a tonsil, but.
That the reveal on that wouldn't be,
I need something Dar I need something more than that. So.
When you thought you were a tonsil, tell me what, what the experience was like.
Okay. So they put you in the thing,
you're sitting the chair and then suddenly like, um,
you have your eyes closed and you're talking with a therapist the whole time
during this place. Is he talking.
Too much? No. Is he like me? <laugh>.
<Laugh> no, I don't think he I'm glad you talk. Cuz I don't. It's hard for me.
The, the most I've ever talked to my life is a couple times with you.
All right. Like back to ketamine. Yeah.
Okay. So I'm sitting there in the chair and a man named John.
The SHERP, the shepa kind you're in there with a SHERP and it's a SHERP.
I thought it was a, like a counselor or something. I mean.
It's a, he had a whistle around his neck. That's the, only to little bit dicey,
but oh, it. But it was sanctioned. It's in a beautiful facility.
It's a nice facility. So go in, they put it in. You I'm sitting in the chair,
he had a whistle. Uh, I think it would like,
it might have been a safety piece he had from being a child or something.
He might, he could have been, I don't know, lifeguard.
I have no idea what his past was like, but he was a nice guy,
but he is a therapist. So I'm sitting there and I start dreaming, you know,
like a regular dream, you know, I start dreaming a little bit.
I'm still talking to him. And then I start talking about being a kid, you know,
I love thinking about being a kid and stuff.
And so I start talking about being a child and then I start talking about my dad
and now like the darkness is starting to have like kind of shapes in, in it.
And things are starting to feel that I'm talking about are starting to feel
real. Like this feels real.
I'm sitting in here with you and there's this table here and this.
So I can feel, this feels real Jamie's right there. So things like that,
I'm talking about start to feel. It has a feeling, not just a vision.
So I started to feel, I was talking about my dad and next thing you know,
I'm spending time with my dad, like I'm with my dad. Whoa.
And I had, you know, and I ain't gotten to spend time with my dad in 20 years.
So like I'm and I remember let, I got to let my dad know that I loved him.
I didn't know if he ever knew, you know, and it was this crazy thing, dude,
I'm sitting there and I'm bawling, crying. And like,
I didn't plan on that when I went in there.
But it felt like I was really with my, like,
it felt as real as sitting here with you. Wow. Which for,
for somebody being deceased and gone, it, it was so powerful. I.
Would think that that would be a hard thing to share with someone you don't
know.
I guess that maybe that's where the academy really comes in and I didn't, uh,
it.
Didn't bother you that you.
Didn't know. And I'm okay with sh I shared a lot of emo.
I share a lot of E like yeah. I share a lot of emotional stuff.
So I think I'm probably more prone to it maybe than some people. But.
I would just imagine that, like,
if you don't know this man and you're sitting down and it's like an intensely
personal part of your life.
Well, he became, the therapist became just somebody I would check in.
I would say, John, is everything okay? Am I okay? Cuz I started to feel,
then I started to slide down the edge of the universe for a minute.
What's that like.
It was, it was, it was hard. It was hard.
Cuz you don't have any ropes or anything. I mean you're out there just,
you're like, you know, hope solo or your solo hope or whatever that guy is.
Who climbed that guy? You, you had him on.
Free solo. Alex, hon. Yeah.
You're like that dude. But, but there's no, but there's no Mount, no ropes,
no Mount, but you have a, I do, you do have a bag of chalk on your, your belt.
I didn't notice that, but I felt like a cryptocurrency.
I felt myself like going through these channels. Um,
and then I came back to another moment I got to spend time with, oh,
I got to see my mom when she was a kid, which I thought was kind of interesting.
Wow. Uh,
and just see that she was like a <affirmative> happy child or something,
you know, or just, I don't know.
So there was moments like that for me that were extremely intense and real.
Um, and otherwise there was a lot of moments where I was just out of my,
I was out of the chair. I remember at some points thinking,
how am I ever gonna get back into that chair? Wow.
They'll never get me back in there. I'm was just so far out in my head. How.
Long did it last?
It felt like it lasted for about maybe, maybe 13 minutes,
but it was an hour.
Neil Brennan told me about it first. He was the first guy telling him about it.
I'll never forget. We're in the hallway of the comedy store. You know,
Neil's an intense guy. Yeah. And he looks at me and he goes, uh,
uh he's like I was tripping <laugh>
he goes, I didn't know what it was gonna be. He goes, I was tripping. Yeah.
And it was, uh, for him it was to deal with depression. Yeah.
He said it was very effective. Wow. To help him a lot. I, I.
I, I, I took away from it. If you had like a,
some severe tragedy or something like that, then it would really help for me.
It didn't feel like a long term solution.
It didn't help me with my anger really.
So where do you think your anger's coming from? I don't know, man.
I don't recognize you as an angry guy.
Like you and I have only had laughs like when you and I have been hanging out,
it's always been just like this fun.
Yeah. I think, I think some of it's maybe responsibility, um.
Responsibility makes you angry.
Yeah. I think sometimes I think maybe I think,
I thought that whenever my life got a,
like whenever I got more success in my job or something that I would
feel
some satisfaction.
Something like you feel like you made it.
I thought I would feel like yes, different. Right. And I'm feel appreciative.
I feel happy. And I'm, I'm not saying I'm amazing in my job,
but I'm once I started to have some in my job that I would feel
different. I see what you're saying and I just didn't, I don't know.
You're still the same. Everything's still kind of the,
you still have all the same things, you know? Do you ever have.
Imposter syndrome? I've heard about it. You don't have that.
I don't know if I do the,
the idea is that like you can't believe that you're successful and you feel I
eventually the world's gonna wake up and go, why the am I paying attention?
This guy he's out here talking crazy.
But his cousin getting bit by a gay guy.
<Laugh> well, it happened on Halloween. <laugh> you know,
that's my favorite joke. You do well happened in Los Angeles, dude,
that still kills me the. It happened in Los Angeles.
The guy was dressed up like a baby deer. And my cousin loved to deer hunt.
That was the crazy part <laugh>. So the dude comes out and he, you know,
his first instinct is to feed him or whatever, you know,
sprinkle that out there or whatever <laugh> and the dude bit him, man.
That's you know, that's.
Newsom a guy biting. It was, is it Newsom's fault?
I mean, I know what's it might.
Be his fault. I'm willing to go with you and blame Newsom.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.